This god-forsaken planet has no meaning, that's why people collectively invented society and made shit up. Everything is a lie. PEOPLE ARE BUILDING PSUEDO REALITIES THAT ARE MEANT FOR PEOPLE LIKE US TO BE CAGED IN AND PLAY BY THEIR RULES. And what's scary is we are the same people who build these cages to ourselves, shackled by our own perception of the perception of the precption of our society.

WAKE THE FUCK UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP. This shithole reality isn't for us to live in. Succumb to your unruly desires, let your spite settle, remember the people who have wronged you, wronged with their stupid ignorant reality they want you in, shamming you for not being the norm. UNIRONICALLY FUCK EVERYBODY, live for yourself die for yourself. BURST OUT YOUR SHELL and BREAK EVERYONE ELSE'S. 

I'M FUMING WITH THIS SPITE, I COMFORMED WITH SOCIETY, I'VE BEEN HONEST and guess what? I got scammed, scammed that to think that they will play fair as well NEWS FLASH THEY NEVER DID THE GAME WAS RIGGED AND IM FURIOUS. PEOPLE ARE SHEEPLE, AND THE SHEPERED is none other than what the public "THINKS" is good. I WAS SLAVE TO SUCH COMFORMATY. STRIVE FAR AWAY FROM THE CONSENSUS, DOUBT EVERYTHING YOU SEE ONLINE.
ENRICH YOURSELF WITH BOOKS AND KNOWLEDGE. TALK TO ACTUAL PEOPLE. LIVE IN SPITE SUCH THAT OTHERS WILL FOLLOW. 

Before you have an opinion ask yourself, "DID I FORM THIS SHIT FROM MY HEAD OR DID JUST SO HAPPENED I READ ABOUT SOMEONE ELSES OPINION AND CLAIMED IT AS MY OWN LIKE A PARROT MIMICKING SOMEONE TALKING". That's right you fucker, actually form your own opnion. Get out of this stupid social media. Stop parroting what other people say just because it sounds good. Be ready to be called out wrong and reasses your way of thinking. YOu don't have to be right all them time, WE ARE HUMAN. People fucking forget that all the time.